# MSP432_Troubleshooting
This project uses TI's MSP 432 board and an MK II booster packet to create a troubleshooting program that can be used in any system, i.e. a car system

This project successfully implements a troubleshooting program used by a system, i.e. car system. The troubleshooting program is used to test the peripherals connected to a MSP 432 board and MK II booster pack, to ensure that they are working as intended. In total, there are 7 functionalities that are tested in this project, using the Energia software tools.

The requirements are listed as follows. The first requirement is to display a troubleshooting menu and prompt the user to enter a number, 1-7. The second requirement is to read the object temperature and print the value in celsius. The third requirement is to read  and print the angles of the x and y accelerometer angle (range: -90 to 90). The fourth requirement is to read the ambient light intensity and print the integer lux value on the serial communication. The fifth requirement is to read the joystick x and y angle (range -20 to 20) and print the value on the serial communication. The sixth requirement is to prompt the user to input text, then process and display the text on the LCD display. The seventh requirement is to prompt the user to enter a color (tan or indigo) and an integer value brightness, then display the color and brightness on the LED bulb. The eighth requirement is to generate a buzzer tone, when the user enters the number 7. The ninth requirement is to display the troubleshooting menu 5 seconds after a peripheral test is executed. Those functional requirements are important because they are essential for the troubleshooting program to work as intended. If the requirements are not met, the system cannot test the peripherals on the board. By implementing the requirements, all the peripherals and needed functionalities will be tested to ensure they are working as intended.
